---
name: Issue with OmniPath data
about: OmniPath data is generated by pypath, so any issue with the data should be reported here
title: ''
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

**How did you access the data?**
By pypath or by the web service? Which client: R, Python or Cytoscape?
Include here your query: the R or Python code, or the web service query.

**Why do you think the data is wrong?**
Something is missing: you know a record present in the original resource
but it is missing from OmniPath? A wrong record: according to your knowledge
or literature evidence the data looks wrong? For example, a protein which is
obviously not a transcription factor is shown as transcription factor.

**An example of the wrong data**
To investigate any data issue usually we trace back at least one example
along the whole pipeline, from the orignal resource through pypath, the
web service and the client. So the most helpful in the investigation is
to know piece of example from the wrong data.

**What solution you can expect?**
We will investigate the wrong or inconsistent data and come up with one of
the following solutions:
 - Give an explanation how the wrong data made its way to OmniPath
 - If the issue reveals a bug in pypath, i.e. it is the result of wrong
   processing on our side, we will fix the issue in pypath and update the
   web service data as soon as possible
 - If the data proves to be correct, we will point you to the underlying
   evidence
 - If the data is wrong but it is already wrong in the original resource,
   then we will report it to the authors of the original resource. This kind
   of records might stay in OmniPath (unfortunately no database is perfect,
   we always need to take the risk that some part of the database knowledge
   is wrong). If the issue is serious, and it affects many records, we might
   implement new procedures in pypath to exclude these wrong records from
   OmniPath.